Updated vendors documentation to add SingleStore (#12708)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/vendors.md

[RisingWave](https://risingwave.com/) is a cloud-native streaming database for real-time data ingestion, processing, and management. It integrates with Iceberg to [read from](https://docs.risingwave.com/integrations/sources/apache-iceberg) and [write to](https://docs.risingwave.com/integrations/destinations/apache-iceberg) Iceberg tables, enabling efficient file compaction across sources like message queues, databases (via Change Data Capture), data lakes, and files. RisingWave is available as [open source](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave), a managed cloud service ([RisingWave Cloud](https://cloud.risingwave.com/auth/signin/)) with BYOC support, and an enterprise on-premises edition ([RisingWave Premium](https://docs.risingwave.com/get-started/rw-premium-edition-intro)).

### [SingleStore](https://singlestore.com/)

> SingleStore is a high‑performance, scalable, distributed SQL platform that makes real‑time analytics and transactional processing available at scale. Its native Apache Iceberg integration instantly “thaws” lakehouse data—removing costly ETL steps and powering intelligent, millisecond‑response applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SingleStore is a high‑performance, scalable, distributed SQL platform that makes real‑time analytics and transactional processing available at scale. Its native Apache Iceberg integration removes costly ETL steps and powering intelligent, millisecond‑response applications.
```

I'd prefer we don't include claims like "instantly".  Other than that, I'm good with this.

Author: Accepted edits. Thank you!

> By directly reading and managing data from Iceberg tables, SingleStore unlocks enterprises' dormant data, boost generative AI development, and ensure seamless schema evolution with low‑latency queries. Available [self-managed](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/v8.9/) or in the cloud, it bridges the gap between traditional data lakes and real‑time analytics.

Reviewer 2: Do you have a dedicated page about Iceberg integration in the SingleStore site? It would nice to add a link if there is such a page. Maybe https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/load-data/data-sources/iceberg-ingest/?

Author: Done.
